Update README (#13)
coiled/dask-xgboost-nyctaxi: README.md

XGBoost + Dask + HPO with Optuna
================================

This repository contains a sequence of notebooks that progressively train a
large model on tabular data using ...

-   [XGBoost](https://xgboost.readthedocs.io/en/stable/) for gradient boosted trees
-   [Dask](https://dask.org) for parallel computing
-   [Optuna](https://optuna.org/) for hyper-parameter-optimization

We find that this combination is pragmatic in large scale machine
learning problems.

Notebooks
---------

> The notebooks in this repository are progressively more sophisticated.  We
> start with just looking at the data, and then we train with XGBoost and Dask,
> then we train with XGBoost and Dask and Optuna, then we train many models in
> parallel with XGBoost and Dask and Optuna.  This progression can help to make

Reviewer: We are using the word then too many times. Maybe something like 
```suggestion
The notebooks in this repository are progressively more sophisticated.  We
start by looking at the data, and a simple training with XGBoost and Dask. Then we show how to do Hyper Parameter Optimization with XGBoost and Dask and Optuna, and finally, we train many models in parallel with XGBoost and Dask and Optuna.  This progression can help to make
```

The other option is to list every notebook with a descriptive title.

Author: I'm happy to leave this entirely in your hands if you're willing to take it on
